Neighbour, Please switch on your wireless router !
##################################################
:date: 2010-09-25 16:52
:category: Gnu/Linux, My Thoughts
:tags: Ayodhya verdict, bsnl, internet, router, wifi, wireless

Last wednesday night my friend Adhil called me to ask if he can use my
internet connection to send some sms using his bulk sms account for his
cousin. He wanted to send them that night itself as the govt was about
to freeze bulk sms account from 12am due to Ayodhya verdict. I agreed
and he came to my home with Shibin (sorry shib.in, yeah! recently he
registered the domain shib.in to put coming soon banner :D ). When they
reached home only i knew that my internet connection is down due to some
problem in the phone line (it is a hobby of monkeys around here to bite
down phone lines). There is no question of going to internet cafe as it
was already 10:30 pm and the nearest cafe is 12kms away. Surprisingly
Shibin's netbook detected a wifi connection named wifi-anil. He tried to
connect, it got connected without requiring authentication. He typed
google.com in a browser and tried to load, yes it got loaded.I opened
the closed window doors in my room for better reception and Adhil
without wasting a single second did his work. Even though his bulk sms
account got banned by 11 30 he was able to send some part of messages.
And thats the first time i am stealing someone else's internet
connection. The next day itself i added WPA authentication to my
wireless router.
